hi I'm Sarah from the good food cookery
team and I'm going to show you how to
make an espresso martini it's one of my
favorites I've got loads of people
hanging out me favorite better hi hello
so why did you want to join our cocktail
hang out well it's a good idea I think
it's a very good idea your way to make
cocked easy cocktail in the house
without having all the without the need
to have all this leakers all this
different thing that bar have about 40
things in your kind of feeling sad yea
though we're not about that and so this
is a coffee one and you're from Italy
yesterday a bit nervous about the
quality of my coffee but it is good but
would you say for something like this
where you're adding other stuff to the
coffee you should still start with
really good coffee or would you say you
could get away with the cheaper one well
it depends on what you are doing I mean
if you are a copier expert you will
still taste the different in a good
coffee area where it's like if it's too
watery you don't really want a watery
coffee even in the car yeah that's
that's my opinion okay like a phoenix
presta martini you should try to make an
expression but here you like you know
like probably i'll be there at Maron
exactly you know I Marikana not to watch
hurry yes I think other no that's how I
like okay as probably good Roberta's not
gonna be able to taste mine okay don't
worry I'm sure I'm sure it's gonna be
very good I made it strong say okay this
perfect then and I strong and strong yet
a strong coffee for its strongest
Bristol martini yeah what all right okay
so yeah I basically got an espresso
about 50 mils is that a standard
espresso sighs yeah yeah yeah
so about that let it go cool so again
i'm only going to do one to show you but
if you're doing them for a lot of people
you know make a whole heap of them and
have them all called ready to go maybe
in a jug or something so I'm go straight
into my glass nice martini glass so yeah
about 50 mil I think that's prob a be a
shade more and then I've got some Kailua
anyone got color in their cupboard yes
really why russians yes white russians
exacts it goes well with kind of creamy
flavors and going in with about a
tablespoon that's probably a generous
tablespoon boat so everyone tried Kahlua
no yeah it's right it's really really
nice and carlo a chocolate cheesecake
it's not yeah it's kind of got its got
coffee flavors so that's why it works
really well with the espresso kind of
also a bit I don't know it's a bit hazel
nothing but I said if it's meant to be
it's nice and it's not too harsh like
it's got a bit of sweetness so literally
that's all I've gone in with and then
I'm nervous because I don't have a jug
and uh honest I'm gonna blame my shoddy
equipment if this goes wrong but just
going to float some cream on the top so
this is quite nice if you don't want to
putting or something like that you just
want like a pudding cocktail basically
get a spoon if you've got like a big
dessert spoon probably bad i've got a
teaspoon here just flip it over and
you're going to pour the cream over the
back so primed its cameras you can see
this is so hopefully you slow the speed
it hits the coffee and it will hopefully
float I never do it no perfect is it too
fiddly boy I used to do I used to try
and be a mite layers no and I could
never do it I am I used to work in a bar
and as soon as someone asks for an Irish
coffee I'd like oh you'd see me my face
would fall like no
no no no it's just yes I'm so tough with
that right I'm gonna tidy up there to my
glass a little bit it's all in the
presentation so the copy needs to be
cold yeah well when you I think the
problem with an Irish coffee is a lot
more precarious it's because it's hot I
mean you can do it and it will settle
but you want a nice like really double
cream something with a bit of thickness
it's not what what'd you do to make that
like will you shake the coffee before
with ice yeah I just fought for making
this personal martini yeah you could do
I mean you don't want to water it down
too much to me probably you could get
the car lower in straightaway because
the carlu is cold so get the collar and
that'll help and just literally let it
go to like room temperature or pop it in
the fridge and you don't got too much of
it it's not going to do your fridge too
much damage so I'm just so excited that
fun right and then I've got big step
above just going to put a bit of cocoa
on the top to finish I think I deserve
this just would like a couple of
chocolate truffles or something it's a
bit of cocoa coffee bean Oh a coffee
bean yeah or even like those um would
you like there's chocolate coated coffee
beans don't need that would be quite
nice mmm so that's it this one I feel
like it's a bit of a a cheap but it's
not it's not the stall in the
presentation this one yeah yeah there we
go so especially once it really really
easy i mean probably if you didn't have
kahlua we could flavor the coffee to
your favorite flavor when you have a
coffee or you have a you could use like
a chocolate liqueur or they do like a
mental amaretto would be delicious
fraangelico frangelico right Jenna Chris
hazelnut many whenever anyone got that
in their cupboard that's one last long
it is valiant frangelico well I think
he's yeah please I mean I know but never
really drunk knees I haven't seen the
hazelnut liqueur or acid French other
dick me I'm sure yeah
must be made by monks man and I call
this yeah yeah man monks know how to
live I feel sorry for the nuns but the
monks yeah Brandi I think Frangelico is
one of my face I read like almonds and
you could do some like crushed nuts on
the top or you could dip the rim again
can't you so really finely chopped nuts
probably doom in your food processor
toasted slivered almonds that would be
nice they'd float really well as well I
wouldn't know something like that and
then just like a like a couple of
chocolate truffles or like a really
boozy mince pie maybe with some
chocolate and the mince meat or
something that would be like my perfect
pudding I think yeah on the side we
would have this one kareena do like this
one is that it thumbs up Karina oh I
gotta listen to me no oh maybe maybe a
hot chocolate you could cool down the
chocolate bit like a chocolate milk bit
of car Lua kind of like a White Russian
but the chocolate version well for
everyone else this is my espresso
martini with chocolate sprinkle
you